1: We've decided that instead of letting anyone with a valid ID fetch a user
profile, we should ask users for a username and password. Update the HTML
form to have two input boxes, one for their username and one for their password.



2: Now, update the submit event handler to retrieve the input values and make a
call to authenticate. Once you receive a response about the authentication
status, display a message saying whether or not the login was successful.

(If you looked at the server.js code, you might have noticed that we simulated
an unreliable server! If you're getting unexpected results, try again, as our
server fails about 10% of the time. This is a nod to an important lesson on
reading documentation, handling all possible fault points, and keeping
DevTools open. Let's ignore this problem for now, but we'll revisit it soon.)



3. Now, we need to do something we haven't done before. We need to handle two
asynchronous operations, but unlike washing laundry and baking cookies, we
can't perform them simultaneously. We need to first authenticate our user,
and only upon getting a successful response can we fetch their data. We 
definitely don't want to fetch a user's data if they've not provided the
correct username and password.

Update your event handler so that we first authenticate the user. If
successful, call fetchUserProfile and render the data. Now, if a user doesn't
enter the correct password, we should display the error message, and we're
finished. If they log in successfully, we should display "Login Successful!
Fetching your profile..." as a temporary message while we wait for their profile
data to be retrieved. Once we get their profile from the server, clear our
"fetching" message and display their profile information or the error message if
something went wrong.



4. 🔥 Challenging Exercise 🔥 Our code works well most of the time. It's time
to address our unreliable server. If our authentication or fetching the user
profile fails due to a server error, let's automatically retry twice before
showing an error message.

Since authentication could fail for either of our callbacks, let's start by
writing a helper function that will keep track of the number of attempts and
retry the call a certain number of times.

Now, let's use retryNTimes to automatically retry our calls to the server to
avoid showing the user server errors. To test your code, try raising the
failure rate on the server. You can replace Math.random() < 0.1 with a higher
number to do so. Anything 1 or greater will always fail.